java-generic-outbox (#691)
cap-js/docs: java/messaging-foundation.md

The messages are sent once the transaction is successful. Per default, an in-memory outbox is used, but there's also support for a persistent outbox. See [Java - Outbox](./outbox) for more information.
:::

::: tip
It is possible to configure a [custom outbox](./outbox#custom-outboxes) for a messaging service by setting the property

> `cds.messaging.services.<key>.outbox.name` to the name of the custom outbox. This especially makes sense when [using multiple channels](../guides/messaging/#using-multiple-channels).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`cds.messaging.services.<key>.outbox.name` to the name of the custom outbox. This makes sense when [using multiple channels](../guides/messaging/#using-multiple-channels) in particular.
```

:::

> 

Reviewer 2: I merged these boxes into one:
<img width="312" alt="image" src="https://github.com/cap-js/docs/assets/32062331/9a180c8b-dc5f-4a30-b43d-6450a67677cd">

Author: > I merged these boxes into one: <img alt="image" width="312" src="https://private-user-images.githubusercontent.com/32062331/307751678-9a180c8b-dc5f-4a30-b43d-6450a67677cd.png?jwt=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.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.eLEBu5mXz3CKPOpcsVoNSLAyVAS1Uq68eGCKtk58ks8">

@renejeglinsky Did you push your changes? I don't get any update...
